{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe2052{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f11\fmodern\fcharset128\fprq1{\*\panose 02020609040205080304}MS Mincho{\*\falt MS ??};}{\f36\fmodern\fcharset128\fprq1{\*\panose 02020609040205080304}@MS Mincho;}{\f47\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\f48\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f50\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f51\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f52\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\f53\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f54\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f55\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f67\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}
{\f68\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f70\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f71\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f72\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}
{\f73\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}{\f74\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}{\f75\fmodern\fcharset163\fprq1 Courier New (Vietnamese);}{\f159\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 MS Mincho Western{\*\falt MS ??};}
{\f157\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 MS Mincho CE{\*\falt MS ??};}{\f158\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 MS Mincho Cyr{\*\falt MS ??};}{\f160\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 MS Mincho Greek{\*\falt MS ??};}{\f161\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 MS Mincho Tur{\*\falt MS ??};}
{\f164\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 MS Mincho Baltic{\*\falt MS ??};}{\f409\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 @MS Mincho Western;}{\f407\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 @MS Mincho CE;}{\f408\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 @MS Mincho Cyr;}
{\f410\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 @MS Mincho Greek;}{\f411\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 @MS Mincho Tur;}{\f414\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 @MS Mincho Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden 
Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Plain Text;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid4017257\rsid6686452
\rsid7031968\rsid10376407\rsid11219092}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.2627;}{\info{\title PoPHILO}{\author Wong}{\operator ahaines}{\creatim\yr2002\mo8\dy31\hr19\min29}{\revtim\yr2012\mo8\dy21\hr9\min51}{\version5}{\edmins3}{\nofpages35}{\nofwords8389}
{\nofchars47821}{\*\company UNC}{\nofcharsws56098}{\vern16437}}\ltrsect \widowctrl\ftnbj\aendnotes\hyphhotz0\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\lytprtmet\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1
\dgvshow0\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\bdrrlswsix\nolnhtadjtbl\oldas\rsidroot4017257 \fet0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid6686452 \rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 
\af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \dbch\af11\insrsid6686452\charrsid6686452 \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 The Project Gutenberg EBook of PoPHILO, by Dom
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 re-\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 ** This is a COPYRIGHTED Project Gutenberg eBook, Details Below **
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 **     Please follow the copyright guidelines in this file.     **
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Title: P\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 oPHILO
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Author: Dom
\par 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid10376407 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \dbch\af11\insrsid10376407\charrsid10376407 \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Posting Date\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 : 
\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 August \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 21\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 , \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 2012\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2  [\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 EBook \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 #5329\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 ]

\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Release Date\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 : \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 March, \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 2004
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 First Posted\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 : \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 July \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 1\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 , \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 2002}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \dbch\af11\insrsid6686452 

\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \dbch\af11\insrsid10376407\charrsid10376407 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid6686452 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \dbch\af11\insrsid6686452\charrsid6686452 \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Language: English
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Character set encoding: }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \dbch\af11\insrsid6686452 \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 RTF}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \dbch\af11\insrsid6686452\charrsid6686452 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 *** START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK POPHILO ***}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \dbch\af11\insrsid4017257\charrsid6686452 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \dbch\af11\insrsid11219092 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \dbch\af11\insrsid6686452 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \dbch\af11\insrsid11219092 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \dbch\af11\insrsid4017257 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Copyright (C) 2002 by L.M. Wong
\par }\pard \ltrpar\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11219092 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \dbch\af11\insrsid11219092\charrsid7031968 \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Dommy dominaeprimus@yahoo.com}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \dbch\af11\insrsid11219092 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \dbch\af11\insrsid11219092 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \dbch\af11\insrsid4017257 
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057\insrsid4017257 \page 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057\insrsid4017257 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs96 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs96\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057\insrsid4017257 PoPHILO}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057\insrsid4017257 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs36 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs36\ul\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057\insrsid4017257 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs36 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs36\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057\insrsid4017257 Dommy }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs40 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs40\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057\insrsid4017257 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057\insrsid4017257 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\ai\af0\afs28 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\i\fs28\ul\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057\insrsid4017257 PRELUDE
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057\insrsid4017257 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs28 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs28\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057\insrsid4017257 THINKERS IN THEIR OWN WORDS DISPLAY AND CONVEY THE DEPTH OR SHALLOWNESS OF THEIR OWN AND SO SHALL BE PILLORIED OR ACCLAIMED BY THEIR OWN THOUGHTS.
\par 
\par THERE IS IMMENSITY IN SPARSENESS AND SPARSENESS IN IMMENSITY.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs144 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs144\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057\insrsid4017257 PoPHILO
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs56 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs56\ul\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057\insrsid4017257 POPULAR PHILOSOPHY
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs56 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs56\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057\insrsid4017257   Dommy 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057\insrsid4017257 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs28 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs28\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057\insrsid4017257 
\par 1.Better to be a willing servant to our mind than an unwilling slave to a tyrant\rquote s will.
\par 
\par 2.The physical self and mind as willing servants to a worthy cause is a form of devotion. The physical self and mind as unwilling slaves to a despised cause is physical and spiritual violation.
\par 
\par 3.Controlled freedom is externally induced refrain, discretion and responsibility .It is only when we are given the sovereignty of freewill do we realise our susceptibility and vulnerability.
\par 
\par 4.If a soothsayer predicts negative events in our lives, use freewill to avoid them. If a soothsayer predicts positive events in our lives ,use  freewill to fulfil them. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs56 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\fs56\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057\insrsid4017257  
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs28 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs28\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057\insrsid4017257 
\par 5.We should all generate our own knowledge not just absorb all that we have learned. In order to attain our full intellectual potential ,we need both the scholar and innovator in us.
\par 
\par 6.When at last we realise how much we\rquote ve lost when things have passed, we have grasped both wisdom and folly.
\par 
\par 7.A pessimist is plagued by dark vision. An optimist is embraced by clear hope .A practical realist has both dark vision and clear hope .
\par 
\par 8.Sweeping statements are uninsured ventures offering high risks of swallowing our words and pride.
\par 
\par 9.The course of one\rquote s life is like a quest for a masterpiece. It hinges on just the right intensity and apt strokes.
\par 
\par 10.The best we thought we were at earlier times are sometimes not as good as the best stage we are at now. Being at one\rquote s best depends on the time scale it is judged on. We pea
k differently at different times. All our peak points are the summits of their own time.
\par 
\par 11.A mortal fact here : Those who live within the century they were born in and never get to see the next or those  fortunate enough to see the next.
\par 
\par 12.Clich\'e9s that we cannot do without are not clich\'e9s but language essentials.
\par 
\par 13.Anxiety to the mind is akin to a fractured leg to the body.
\par 
\par 14.To maintain constant levels of alertness, for the prolific mind ; repose while for the sedentary mind ; stimulation.
\par 
\par 15.Moderate amounts of guidelines in convention and etiquette ensures that civilization behaves in civil fashion. Excessive amounts of convention and etiquette converts life into ritualistic enslavement of thought and action.
\par 
\par 16.If you don\rquote t know nothing you know something.
\par 
\par 17.One insists because of truth. One insists because of prejudice.
\par 
\par 18.Experience is when something becomes easier, more predictable with less surprises with our ability to discern those worth cherishing and those 
\par only worth  during their fleeting hour.
\par 
\par 19.Innovation may spell the demise of erstwhile techniques which were innovations of yesteryears or just muffle them. The possibility of revamps, revivals cannot be overruled entirely be they in similar, related or different fields of i
nterest. Nostalgia has its charms.
\par 
\par 20.In order to be profound in thoughts the mind must be liberated from the immediate reality of trifles.
\par 
\par 21.The inexperienced and strong pour all their power to complete a task.
\par      The experienced and not as strong place their power where it\rquote s needed.
\par 
\par 22.There are those who are weak with strong will and those strong with 
\par      weak will.
\par 
\par 23.Sharing is to be aware that we are not the absolute owner and to attune ourselves to the pendulum cycle of holding and releasing.
\par  
\par 24.Communication isn\rquote t confined to mere expression. Communication involves discretion and sensitivity as well to connotations and subtleties.
\par 
\par 25.A wizened head is not necessarily a wise one, vice-versa.
\par 
\par 26.To be educated with what we know and to expect them in a particular form only is to be unprepared for exceptions.
\par 
\par 27.Innovation brings changes to lifestyle , technology and attitude too.
\par 
\par 28.To be comfortable with Falsehood is to be uneasy with Truth.
\par 
\par 29.If conventional methods bind us  in a knot , let innovation undo it.
\par 
\par 30.If conformity fills the world, inventiveness shapes it.
\par 
\par 31.If conformity follows the charted course, innovation plots it.
\par 
\par 32.Tradition is a method to get fledglings and elders involved. For a while, regardless of seniority ,they are united by a common cause.
\par 
\par 33.Daring, recklessness and folly are discerned by the odds, rational thought and degree of desperation.
\par 
\par 34.Observe interests before resolving the conflict.
\par 
\par 35.Meet your Maker with readiness and anticipation , honour and humility , knowledge and receptiveness ,forgiveness in soul , remorse for vices , joy for virtues and devoted willingness to be of service to the Omnipotent.
\par 
\par 36.Some interpretations of morality and immorality change as humanity evolves while the absolutes remain.
\par 
\par 37.We labour for ourselves and for others.
\par 
\par 38.Trends are variants and possibilities. They dock at the harbours of fashion and drift away to the sea of pass\'e9. From obscurity sometimes they do return. Direction lies not there. Direction lies in rudiments upon which trends were moulded.
\par 
\par 39.Unbridled discerning divides us.
\par 
\par 40.To know much of everything is extraordinary. To know much of something or someone is a common norm.
\par 
\par 41.Most of the time a-know-it-all is a know-less-than-all.
\par 
\par 42.Having just adequate knowledge to exist is like being familiar with our own dwelling. But once outside ,we become ignorant strangers. 
\par 
\par 43.Let us live and understand not just mere pride from knowing about things.
\par 
\par 44.Search within and discover that
\par ...we know more than we think
\par ...we know less than we think
\par ...we are less than what we think we are
\par ..we are greater than what we think we are
\par 
\par 45.It is a terrible affliction to underestimate and overestimate ourselves frequently.
\par 
\par 46.An identical replacement should be deemed as such without undue expectations for it to resemble or be what was lost or unattainable. To have a substitute subjected to endless comparisons brings agony and disillusionment.
\par 
\par 47.Withholding, releasing, utilising and non utilising  information exacerbates or brings peace.
\par 
\par 48.To shape one\rquote s own methods and principles , observe others. From that emerges one\rquote s identity with tolerance and understanding of others.
\par 
\par 49.The best way to honour and cherish is to treasure and remember it at its finest.
\par 
\par 50.It is great to be flawlessly felicitous for the moment. It is greater to be
\par relevant always.
\par 
\par 51.Blood is the fluid of life. Water is the fluid for sustaining life.
\par 
\par 52.Two options to attain greatness and awareness. One, through conspicuous 
\par actions .Two, through inconspicuous means.
\par 
\par 53.We  realise mistakes 
\par ...while it\rquote s been made
\par ...after it has been made
\par ...after been informed
\par ...after admonishment
\par ...after  been criticised
\par ...after its consequences have befallen us
\par ...before its occurrence
\par 
\par 54.Acknowledgement comes while we are here or when we have left.
\par 
\par 55.Opportunity is not a one way traffic flow. There are times when others and events create opportunities for us. In our time of need, magnanimity , obligation or circumstantial twists of events, we create opportunities for others.
\par 
\par 56.Having an interest in a certain subject covers more than academic pursuits. Practical pursuits come to play too. It can be a possession of something with the potential to augment progress in a particular sector or more.
\par 
\par 57.Interest may lead to growth or decline, conception or doom to those affected.
\par 
\par 58.When we realise that we are misfits in other matters, console ourselves with our strengths.
\par 
\par 
\par 59.It is not easy being a perfectionist. The mind has to live up with the demands of the heart\rquote s desire, the form has to toil while the conscience has to answer whether to live with a flaw or eradicate it even if it means more effort. The rest
less heart searches constantly for improvement. The final attainment and result of work is left for the perfectionist to regard it as worth every iota of distress, sacrifice , struggle and rumination invested or else the set up is undone and rebuilt again
.
\par 
\par 60.Thinking is the means of marshalling our dormant memory, facts , ideas and dreams while we coax them to form a cohesive logical fluxion.
\par 
\par 61.Endurance and Faith are required in the advance into uncertainty for they are our defiant impetus of resistance which pit against tempting surrender.
\par 
\par 62.Rational judgment and discretion are imperative in an age when sources of knowledge provide contradictory accounts. It aids those who are bemused  and buried in the quagmire of indecision.
\par 
\par 63.Seekers seek for 
\par ...the purpose of conquering
\par ...the purpose of cherishing
\par ...for the sake of seeking
\par ...in order to destroy
\par 
\par 
\par 64.Bellicose seekers will be met with opposition while the one who comes in peace will be greeted with cooperation.
\par 
\par 65.Public opinion is what society considers you to be. Reputation is what you have done to enable associates , rivals and strangers  to consider you to be. Self-esteem is what you consider yourself to be .
\par 
\par 66.Artists create 
\par ...what they think the public want  .... for the joys of creating
\par ...what they think that the public should see ... according to their whims
\par ...exactly what the public want ... or things which will invite controversy
\par ...for the sake of creating  ... for the sake of their sanity.
\par 
\par 
\par 67.It is much easier to yearn and possess than to cherish and preserve.
\par 
\par 68.WHAT CAUSES CONFLICT ?
\par Differing points of view and no middle road for both to tread.
\par 
\par 69.Actions are impulses and thoughts brought to the physical realm.
\par 
\par 70.Curb fears that immobilise us. Value and harness those which mobilise us.
\par 
\par 71.Sometimes the way to peace is to just accept the state of things.
\par 
\par 72.The ability to adapt, learn , to be adept and improvise are methods  used 
\par for mastering situations .The ability to amass possibilities are methods of altering or avoiding situations in which we were cast in.
\par 
\par 73.We may not welcome old age yet we ought to welcome wisdom from experience.
\par 
\par 74.Among us are those who treasure their childhood and wish to be children and innocent. There are those who treasure adulthood .There are those willing to remain in the world of adolescent joys and pain.
\par 
\par 75.Be calm if one is as wise as one ought to be.
\par     Fear not if one is wiser too.    
\par     Fear when one is less than one ought to be.   
\par   
\par 
\par 76.Situations influence our mood. We cannot deny that our moods do exist. We are all moody people.
\par 
\par 77.Fear for yourself and for others if you have no control over destructive impulses.
\par 
\par 78.A perfectionist can be one who demands perfection from oneself and/or from others. Demands for perfection may be constant or occasional , realistic or otherwise while dealing with human or technological limitations .
\par   
\par 
\par 79.Swearing to keep secrets is easy. To refrain ourselves from disclosing is the challenge.
\par 
\par 80.Sometimes it is the average  person with common sense who puts things right not experts weighed down by their theories and principles.
\par 
\par 81.It is easy to disclose a secret. It is hard to live with the fact of having done so.
\par 
\par 82.Past brushes with fright make either the coward or the brave.
\par 
\par 83.The make does not make a person.
\par 
\par 84.There are times when changes appear to threaten our plans. They are sometimes inevitable. At times it is our less than perfect ideals which are threatened and to alter them will be to our advantage later.
\par 
\par 85.Better to transform faces of the present and deal with the tide of approaching time than undo an established past .
\par 
\par 86.Truth can be blurred but its persistence ensures that its implications will not be shrouded indefinitely. Truth outlives schemers .
\par 
\par 87.Deny truth and believe delusions. Deny truth and be hounded by its legitimacy .Deny truth but later come to terms with it.
\par 
\par 88.We retain the exterior and keep the core  vice-versa .
\par      Keep both core and exterior or discard both for new.
\par 
\par 89.If one searches and discovers common links in the mesh of basic principles , dissimilarity floats on the surface and similarity is submerged 
\par below.
\par 
\par 90.Conformity tries to cajole individuality to apologise for its uniqueness.
\par 
\par 91.If our expressions  of individuality in no way transgress human laws or God\rquote s ,there is no basis to demand for a renouncement or recant.
\par 
\par 
\par 92.It is best that we allow not ourselves to be stunted by well worn methods and well tried ways. Time will tell as to when we are secure and confident enough to venture out from the narrow sphere.
\par 
\par 93.If you have been spared certain labour, use the time allocated to your leisure for self evaluation and elevation .
\par 
\par 94.It is not adequate to just grow wiser. Disseminate your work so others may derive the same joys as well.
\par 
\par 95.The question is laid to every person. Will one travel along the lighted or darkened passage ?
\par 
\par 96.Sense of duty comes in various forms. Whatever the preference or nature 
\par the end is for some benefit.
\par 
\par 97.Society tends to consider us...
\par ...too much of certain things too little of others
\par ...capable of certain things incapable of others
\par ...knowledgeable of some and ignorant of certain  things
\par ...should be certain things and not be others
\par ...apt for some and inappropriate for others
\par ...too early for certain things too late for others
\par ...just about right for some others. 
\par 
\par 98.Desire, goals and interest are among those which have another in place when fulfilled.
\par 
\par 99.It takes varying doses of effort to end below, equal to or grander than  the manner in which we have started.
\par 
\par 100. Biological and mental  age has a bearing towards our ambitions and enthusiasm not just the environment. One extract does not make a compound.
\par 
\par 101.Philosophy is the sum of experience and knowledge  regarding a matter or a scope of matters compressed into blocks of wisdom or expressed in a full length treatise form.
\par 
\par 102.What seems to be the start or the end may turn out to be a brief term , long term or perpetual existence of a state.
\par 
\par 103.The measure of courage is based on the manner in which we confront the actual event or how one comes to grips with the outcome.
\par 
\par 104.We know that we have become more discerning in taste when we are more selective, are no longer smitten or persuaded by one of its elements .
\par We appreciate the entirety.
\par 
\par 105.If  what that has been expressed does not correspond with what has been done, language is unnecessary and superfluous. 
\par 
\par 106.When one has nothing to say it is time to reflect on that state of emptiness.
\par 
\par 107.There are those who want to prove themselves. There are those who never wanted to. There are  those without the chance to do so. There are those who have done so. There are those who go on until enough has been done .
\par 
\par 108.There are
\par ...those who are not
\par ...those who want to be
\par ...those who do not want to
\par ...those who will never be
\par ...those who will be
\par ...those who think they are
\par ...those trying to be
\par ...those who nearly are
\par ...those who are
\par 
\par 109.Banalities are the light and mundane touches to life. They do not make the larger picture but they assist in completing it.
\par 
\par 110.Sleep\rquote s a cure and a disease.
\par \tab Sleep\rquote s a necessity and an addiction.
\par \tab Sleep\rquote s a willing servant and a temptor.
\par \tab Sleep clears the mind and muddles the head.
\par \tab 
\par 111.What we perceive as tools of leisure are another\rquote s tools of trade.
\par 
\par 112.There are people. There are names. We are known by them. We build them, we besmirch them. We create and alter them. We are proud or embarrassed of them. We remember or forget them. We honour, ridicule, criti
cise or dishonour them. We play with them, use, abuse and share them.
\par 
\par 113.To be fearful and survive, to have confronted countless deaths and lived, breeds strength and calm nurtured by mastery of terror and vulnerability.
\par 
\par 114.Victory and euphoria by itself is ephemeral. The spoils and the future matter more.
\par 
\par 115.At times we have to clear the conscience that we have expended our most fervent efforts.
\par 
\par 116.Sometimes the passage to comprehension is to derive first hand experience. Sometimes it is done through other sources. In any method,
\par dedication is vital.
\par 
\par 117.When there\rquote s madness there\rquote s chaos and consequences.
\par \tab When there is craving there is desire.
\par \tab When there\rquote s madness and desire there breeds frenzy and obsession.
\par \tab  Reality is lost.
\par 
\par 118.When there is a dream there is a drive. Where there are principles you can find conviction. When there is dedication there is responsibility. Where there is consideration, there breeds caution and care. There is a sense of reality. 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs56 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs56\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057\insrsid4017257   
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs28 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs28\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057\insrsid4017257 119.Be one\rquote 
s life prominent or inconspicuous, hectic or laid back, complex or simple, matters not. Whether one sees the pattern of occurrence and truth matters.
\par 
\par 120.A power failure is a bright flash which put us in the dark.
\par 
\par 121.It is personal opinion which must be curtailed for fair judgment. Only those who laud or maul know the extent of their personal opinions in their judgment.
\par 
\par 122.Those who appreciate most are those who understand best.
\par 
\par 123.The world is a hive of variety and we beings of variety.
\par 
\par 124.Perspiration forms not only upon the brow of those who toil. The anxious, fearful, industrious, weary, and relieved have the salt on them too.
\par 
\par 125.If nothing is of importance , we would not take anything or be taken seriously.
\par 
\par 126.When the initial passion had waned, conviction with rational reason sustain interest.
\par 
\par 127.In order to atone for past misdeeds, at times, the peace offering comes with a returned opportunity.
\par 
\par 128.We back away to avoid involvement, back away to watch.
\par \tab We back away when threatened, back away when instinct tells us.
\par \tab We back away when it\rquote s time to leave, when we care enough for \tab another to manage on their own.
\par 
\par 129.You have to be either strong or weak enough to turn your back from 
\par something.
\par 
\par 130.In most cases, it is poor perception that hinders, not physical impediment.
\par 
\par 
\par 131.At the commencement, new findings come to us in abundance. At later stages when a sizeable amount had been unearthed, they come at a slower pace.
\par 
\par 132.When we worry because of the dearth of things to ruminate on, we have found a chunk to ponder on. Closest things at hand are too often disregarded.
\par 
\par 133.We ought to be grateful for all the circumstances which enabled us to attain and those which inspired us.
\par 
\par 134.Choices are made according to varying mixtures of rational reasoning and emotions.
\par 
\par 135.To bear with resentment is difficult .To take our leave from its misery is 
\par happy relief.
\par 
\par 136.Repetition enhances appreciation and zeal or heightens annoyance and aversion.
\par 
\par 137.To keep is to impede or nurture. To keep is to destroy or preserve.
\par 
\par 138.Awareness is not only exploring the inner self but the outer environment as well.
\par 
\par 139.We go in pursuit for many aims, to learn, to inflate the ego, to serve a cause, to heighten the reputation, to capture, to treasure, to harm and to protect.
\par 
\par 140.There is cost involved in both victory and defeat.
\par 
\par 141.What others think of us may or may not be what they thought of us previously. What others think of us may or may not be what we think ourselves to be.
\par 
\par 142.From what we know, we can decrease or augment, deplete or replenish,
\par waste or retain, discourage or nurture , obliterate or create. 
\par 
\par 
\par 143.Whether one\rquote s labours are rewarded with favour or spurned, whatever the outcome, one ought to be consoled with the comfort that the execution of our labours were made under the cover of probabilities and guided by clarity of conscience.
\par 
\par 144.Sometimes gestures and silence are the most apt communication.
\par 
\par 145.Far better to give a sterling performance without an audience rather than to an unappreciative one.
\par 
\par 146.Where love resides there is a bond. Where there\rquote s a bond it may not always have love as company.
\par 
\par 147.When love is no more, mutual respect and tolerance are left. When these due to friction are depleted, parting is best.
\par 
\par 148.Rage so long as it reigns, obscures profundity of all else but raging fever.
\par 
\par 149.Our scars and hurt have tales to tell. They are part of the cost of living and experience.
\par 
\par 150.Faith is trust.
\par 
\par 151.In the imperfect cosmos, enhancement of one feature comes with depletion or sacrifice of another.
\par 
\par 152.When we serve for gain or from generosity, we still have to put up with some personal discomfort.
\par 
\par 153.One stroke of a thread ferrying needle undoes a stitch. One potent stroke of a drug carrying needle undoes a life.
\par 
\par 154.If matters were simpler, there would be more trust, less elaborate schemes and less reading between the lines.
\par 
\par 155.If we view valid individualism and idiosyncrasies as unacceptable, then
\par being ourselves is tantamount to an illegal act. 
\par 
\par 156.At times scarcity and limitations bring about excellence.
\par 
\par 157.Our passion indicates our commitment .How our passion consumes and endures testify to the intensity of conviction.
\par 
\par 158.To be exceptional may mean being at the extreme ends of classification.
\par 
\par 159.It takes effort to create well, duplicate well and emulate well.
\par 
\par 160.As we progress what were once seen as luxuries become necessities.
\par 
\par 161.To be ennobled through age is a reward. To be debased in character as we age is a shame.
\par 
\par 162.No one relishes the ill mannered fledgling or elder.
\par 
\par 163.We all play our part towards the well being of civilization.
\par 
\par 164.When you fear yourself you will fear your own shadow.
\par        When you fear for yourself, you will also fear your own shadow. 
\par 
\par 165.There is order in disorder when feuding factions champion similar causes.
\par 
\par 166.There is pain and relief in both holding on and letting go.
\par 
\par 167.For most, fantasy\rquote s encroachment into reality is better received than  reality\rquote s rude burst into fantasy.
\par 
\par 168.Most would wish to stay with fond fantasies if there are no fond realities. When and where there are fond realities to live with, there we shall stay.
\par 
\par 169.It is not sufficient to have one\rquote s facts precise but also to be sure of them and ourselves.
\par 
\par 170.In anger it is too easy to draw exaggerated stereotypical conclusions. It takes sensitivity towards conscience and a vigorous spirit to resolve objectively.
\par 
\par 171.Circumstances and distractions make the weary and wary fair game.
\par 
\par 172.Reality deals with what is. Fantasy deals with what might be even if it is impossible.
\par 
\par 173.There is dignity and greatness in the grand and humble. Our eyes need to seek the less obvious for our minds to appreciate them.
\par 
\par 174.The pace with which we go about our work manifest calm or alarm.
\par 
\par 175.Being immersed in concentration is like tuning out in order to tune in.
\par 
\par 176.We came here unsoiled. Our misdeeds soil us.
\par 
\par 177.Our struggles wear us away, our passions invigorate us.
\par 
\par 178.Society spares neither those who speak too much or those who speak little.
\par 
\par 179.A wrinkled brow should not be the price of temporary discomfort.
\par 
\par 180.When we try overzealously to be proper in appearance and manners, we at times overdo it to the extent that we end up apologising and blushing over matters which are normal and natural.
\par 
\par 181.Let\rquote s face it, not all are compensated equally in material comforts for
\par their troubles.
\par 
\par 182.The measure of strength is the volume of abuse which it is capable of withstanding.
\par 
\par 183.Some buckle under pressure , some buckle under excessive sweetness.
\par 
\par 184.To see truth ,  we have to see through deceit.
\par 
\par 185.One is charred by one\rquote s torch when one is snuffed by the flame of one\rquote s passion.
\par 
\par 186.There is the disquiet of unease in either knowing or not knowing.
\par       There is the ease of calm knowing and not knowing.
\par 
\par 187.Confusion brings forth fear, fear brings forth confusion.
\par 
\par 188.In a serious surrounding, we tune in with ease to  the significant. In a mundane surrounding , we have to wait for revelations from banalities to 
\par help us delve into significance.
\par 
\par 189.There is a drive to action or to the brake of passivity when we are overly anxious.
\par 
\par 190.Familiarity tends to make us take things for granted while the unknown 
\par cautions us .
\par 
\par 191.By using our strength we can either do a lot of good or a lot of damage
\par to ourselves or to our surroundings. 
\par 
\par 192.We appreciate by preserving, devouring, using and by being careful.
\par 
\par 193.Control is present in creation and destruction.
\par 
\par 194.Credit is given or withheld when justified or otherwise, when expected or otherwise and when under obligation.
\par 
\par 195.If we persist against reason, it is like dehydrating a parched desert.
\par 
\par 196.There are fantasies which deserve a shot at reality and those which should remain as they are.
\par 
\par 197.There are realities which we are thankful for and those which we wished had stayed as unfulfilled fantasies.
\par 
\par 198.Fantasies are stakes in a world of intangibles.
\par 
\par 
\par 199.For the preservation of sanity we reach for relief from orthodox and unorthodox quarters.
\par 
\par 200.To stray is to lose or to find.
\par 
\par 201.Uncomprehended text are just blots on matter which ignorance is unable to decipher.
\par 
\par 202.Despite the worth of a piece of work, if it\rquote s not understood it is worthless or at best a nagging mystery. 
\par 
\par 203.Be thankful for having both food and shelter during intemperate weather. 
\par 
\par 204.We forget about others while drunk in our own comforts and pleasures.
\par 
\par 205.There are escape artists who perform stunts by liberating themselves from danger. There are escape artists who perform stunts by shirking responsibility.
\par 
\par 206.We are given the option to etch our niche in humankind\rquote s odyssey as those who follow the paved path or as those who hacked their own.
\par 
\par 207.Fiction is when one\rquote s work is courted by reality and possibility, the logical and illogical.
\par 
\par 208.If you want a recital, ask for what one knows. If you wish to witness an accomplishment, ask for what one can do with what one knows.
\par 
\par 209.Seek for one and you shall find many. Accept one and you shall accept many.
\par 
\par 210.One can only caution oneself or another if one has foresight, the lessons of  experience or knowledge.
\par 
\par 211.If we hadn\rquote t been particularly exceptional in a certain matter, compensate for it in others if one is able.
\par 
\par 
\par 212.The enhancing mask of vanity is a lesser vice compared to the deceptive mask of lies.
\par 
\par 213.It takes the higher to make the lesser realise. It takes the lesser to make the higher realise.
\par 
\par 214.Paces frantic, moderate or leisurely yield results.
\par 
\par 215.Variety, uniformity and contrast is to be found in similar or a myriad of elements.
\par 
\par 216.There is control in bursts of energy or in composure.
\par 
\par 217.We think of things which we believe and do not believe.
\par 
\par 218.Reality is as normal or ludicrous as the events which shape it.
\par 
\par 219.Keeping ourselves alert is the easiest, most natural and challenging thing to attempt.
\par 
\par 220.Seeing the sane and farcical keep our sanity.
\par        Being able to tell the difference assures us of our sanity.
\par 
\par 221.Wishing for the worst for others bares the worst in us.
\par 
\par 222.To commit ourselves truly, it is best that we make as few pledges as possible.
\par 
\par 223.We mostly refrain from requesting assistance because of pride, taciturn nature ,fear or over confidence .
\par 
\par 224.Pride is forgotten when one is threatened or desperate.
\par 
\par 225.When inspiring thoughts leave us ,  we lose the fervour. We are left with tokens of achievement and the longing to achieve more.
\par 
\par 226.Reverberating thoughts impede or propel.
\par 
\par 
\par 227.Results are produced through depletion of renewable and non renewable resources.
\par 
\par 228.We are spent or revitalised when we give or derive.
\par 
\par 229.We are all tied to strings of some sort. Some strings are longer, firmer and more essential than some others.
\par 
\par 230.Discretion is found in those with many priorities or in those who understand subtleties of human ways.
\par 
\par 231.An act of disregard can set the stage for a succession of similar misdeeds because those in a position to rectify chose not to commit and instead conformed to the state.
\par 
\par 234.Praise emboldens, inflates or reddens the cheeks.
\par 
\par 233.Relationships are equal and unequal.
\par 
\par 234.A question does not necessarily beget an answer.
\par 
\par 235.We are noted for
\par ...being in and out of prominence
\par ...our potential to be in or out of prominence
\par 
\par 236.We are elated that others understand us. We are uneasy because others comprehend us.
\par 
\par 237.The reluctant will not. The reckless will. The rational evaluate.
\par 
\par 238.A disguise is a state contrary to the actual or natural state.
\par 
\par 239.It is next to impossible  trying to assist those who are unwilling to be assisted.
\par 
\par 240.Do not venture beyond one\rquote s accustomed depths for the sake of 
\par answering a childish challenge.
\par 
\par 
\par 241.There is ceremony for both our physical advent and departure.
\par 
\par 242.Attempts themselves do not manifest righteousness.
\par 
\par 243.If we allot too much leeway for others in the running of our lives, we might not get to know ourselves or its potential.
\par 
\par 244.We cannot survive solely in the realm of the past, however grand, for the rest of our existence.
\par 
\par 245.Awareness come not only from work of others but from our own observation as well.
\par 
\par 246.Sanity should not be confused with conformity.
\par 
\par 247.A philosopher is one who roams through the wilderness of specifics in order to derive compact and representative generalisations .
\par 
\par 248.The fire within heats us to action or burns us to oblivion.
\par 
\par 249.Desperation heeds not reason, decorum or consent.
\par 
\par 250.We criticise others well and convincingly. Can we do the same for ourselves or will it take another to see the cracks on our crystal ?
\par 
\par 251.When one is too enmeshed in light matters, serious matters become heavy burdens.    
\par 
\par 252.Being out of touch from the familiar makes the return strange.
\par 
\par 253.The superfluous are decorations built from the base of essentials.
\par        We can add them on or discard them  when it pleases us or when 
\par        prodded by necessity but we cannot dispense with the essentials.
\par 
\par 254.How well we perform a task reflects how much we have learned.
\par        How well we perform a task reflects our aptitude level. 
\par        \tab 
\par 
\par 
\par 255.When a situation is prevalent, a deviation is seen as an exception, anomaly or luxury.
\par 
\par 256.Life comes to us in fragments .We have to link the pieces to find our
\par       place in it.
\par 
\par 257.We express knowledge in full, in portions, always or at times.
\par        We admit ignorance in full, in portions, always or at times.
\par 
\par 258.Process involves cause and transition of former states to that of latter or resulting states and eventual outcome.  
\par 
\par 259.For one to know intellectual fullness and depth, one must beforehand 
\par be submerged in the levity of banality. The two states come in intervals.
\par 
\par 260.We develop our intellect by striving to know what others know. We advance our minds by formulating what others know not.
\par 
\par 261.Impulse demands for attention .It is our discretion which chooses to
\par       see to its needs or to ignore it.
\par 
\par 262.We are too preoccupied with singular functions which deal with worldly tasks. It is akin to acknowledging the individual components 
\par of a contraption and not the reason for its invention.
\par 
\par 263.Philosophy and deep rumination is often ill considered by those in the fever and throes of the rat race.
\par 
\par 264.In order to relate to a state, experience of that state comes to play.
\par 
\par 265.Some things lose their appeal when they lose their novelty.
\par 
\par 266.Be sure to secure the base of or triumph at the time of glory lest it be eroded when it is our turn to face the brink.
\par 
\par 267.We regard time spent on a matter only to find it unsuitable for our purpose a waste yet it isn\rquote t for the evolution of thought and concepts 
\par have brought us to our present stage besides strengthening our tenacity.
\par 
\par 268.A preference may be linked to the emotions or emotional detachment.
\par       Preferences may be formulated from practical necessity or the heart\rquote s   
\par       calling.
\par 
\par 269. Bitter or sweet farewells are in synchrony with our emotions at the 
\par         time.
\par 
\par 270.Little bits of misery is found all over existence and it is unevenly
\par        distributed.
\par 
\par 271.One cannot be dogmatic in a game of cat and mouse.
\par 
\par 272.We are victims and beneficiaries of our excesses, austerity and 
\par        moderation.
\par 
\par 273.Between \'93could have been\'94 and \'93has been\'94 is \'93 being\'94.
\par 
\par 274.Jadedness is when excitement\rquote s throbs are tempered by experience.
\par 
\par 275.Matters past which we had derived from sources other than ourselves   
\par       is knowledge.
\par       Matters past which we have lived through is experience.
\par       We have knowledge and experience with us.
\par 
\par 276.All worthy actions done were done not in vain.
\par 
\par 277.Others know us for what we have done.
\par       We know ourselves by what we have done , what we have
\par       yet to do , what we are capable of and what we cannot do.
\par 
\par 278.All of us devour a form of life in order to sustain our own.
\par 
\par 279.One sometimes can have no inkling of a matter until it is one\rquote s
\par        turn of fortune to encounter it.
\par 
\par 280.One\rquote s taste can be flaunted for show but one\rquote s show is not to
\par        everyone\rquote s taste.
\par 
\par 
\par 281.Some matters serve a specific purpose while there are those which possess relevance always.
\par 
\par 282.A humorist has laughter to spare and share.
\par 
\par 283.Life cannot be considered seriously by one who sees it as a mere absurdity.
\par 
\par 284.Glumness is a disease when and where laughter is infectious.
\par 
\par 285.He who laughs last caught the joke last or has a pathetically slow sense of humour.
\par 
\par 286.One who conveys a joke cracks it. One who listens catches it.
\par 
\par 287.Humour makes the heavy world a lighter one.
\par 
\par 288.Humour lightens and brightens up solemnity.
\par 
\par 289.It is logical to limit oneself to necessities in lean times. It is thrift to limit oneself to necessities in boom times.
\par 
\par 290.A sober approach to birthdays  is to consider them as a time for
\par reflection and resolution in place of common revelry.
\par 
\par 291.Material with knowledge and wisdom. Material with knowledge 
\par but without wisdom. Material which give neither.
\par 
\par 292.Thought and conduct are fused as a singular entity in wisdom.
\par 
\par 293.If one were to be blamed, be blamed for zeal\rquote s abundance rather  than the pathetic lack of it.
\par 
\par 294.When one is a compulsive achiever, 
a person of accomplishment at an earlier than usual phase, one is at a state whereby it would have taken others a much longer time to grasp. For those who prefer to progress gradually , early achievement  is a remarkable  exception / anomaly.
\par 
\par 
\par 295.Prudence makes us servants of our needs and anxiety.
\par 
\par 296.Confidence lends courage .
\par 
\par 297.The beginning of our affection is selfish and self-serving. At its maturity
\par our affection is such that sacrifice becomes a viable option for the welfare and happiness of another.
\par 
\par 298.We adapt , adopt and  emulate  in order to progress and as we progress.
\par 
\par 299.We are pained at the point of release for we know what we shall miss.
\par We are indifferent if we do not know of what we shall be deprived of.
\par 
\par 300.The extreme ends of involvement are at the fringes of impassioned and detached states.
\par 
\par 301.When we are unfamiliar with something, we review it  often so that we can assimilate it in our minds and to accustom our thoughts with it.  
\par When we are familiar with something we become well versed  enough to kid around with it.    
\par 
\par 302.We were born as dots among masses. We try to leave as complete sentences. Yet the length of our trail hangs heavily upon circumstances.
\par 
\par 303.We may holler out loud. We may be heard by all. All comes to nought  till another answers the call.
\par 
\par 304.Our tongues make things great and ordinary sound as they are or contrary to their significance and nature.
\par 
\par 305.Waiting can be brief respite from outcome or torment of outcome\rquote s uncertainty.
\par 
\par 306.Vision to create a cause. Conviction to stay and Effort to pursue it.
\par 
\par 307.Dissatisfaction fuels both beneficial and destructive effects.
\par 
\par 308.Carbonated drink makers are a jolly lot. They are in a bubbly profession.    
\par 
\par 309.Critics whine, critics praise, critics appraise, critics condemn , critics dismiss , critics ignore , critics avoid.
\par 
\par 310.We complain of work which drain us and we complain of a lack of work. 
\par 
\par 311.We can say what we really wish to. What hinders our speech are  variables in circumstances and its retinue of effects .
\par 
\par 312.We recall because there was a yesterday and it has passed.
\par        We do because we have today and it passes but once.
\par        We plan because we believe in tomorrow and it will come to pass.  
\par 
\par 313. It is the tempered soul that outlasts the fury of the pyre, the mortality of the flesh, the vicissitudes of fancies, impermanence of favours, the narcissism of vanity and the intransigence of factions. For awhile, and while it l
asts, the soul wears the godhead and inspiration, and it sees the wisdom withheld from foolishness and the dues of virtues. How one wishes to have that crowning wisdom, on the strength of our worthiness, unhindered by our most personal and private of pitf
alls.                
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs28 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs28\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057\insrsid11219092 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11219092 \rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs28 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs28\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057\insrsid4017257 \page }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \dbch\af11\insrsid4017257 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \dbch\af11\insrsid11219092 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid6686452 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\insrsid6686452\charrsid6686452 
\par End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of PoPHILO, by Dom
\par 
\par *** END OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK POPHILO ***
\par 
\par ***** This file should be named 5329-r.rtf or 5329-r.zip *****
\par This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
\par         http://www.gutenberg.org/5/3/2/5329/
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions
\par will be renamed.
\par 
\par Creating the works from public domain print editions means that no
\par one owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation
\par (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United States without
\par permission and without paying copyright royalties.  Special rules,
\par set forth in the General Terms of Use part of this license, apply to
\par copying and distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works to
\par protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm concept and trademark.  Project
\par Gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you
\par charge for the eBooks, unless you receive specific permission.  If you
\par do not charge anything for copies of this eBook, complying with the
\par rules is very easy.  You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose
\par such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and
\par research.  They may be modified and printed and given away--you may do
\par practically ANYTHING with public domain eBooks.  Redistribution is
\par subject to the trademark license, especially commercial
\par redistribution.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par *** START: FULL LICENSE ***
\par 
\par THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
\par PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK
\par 
\par To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
\par distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
\par (or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
\par Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project
\par Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at
\par   www.gutenberg.org/license.
\par 
\par 
\par Section 1.  General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg-tm
\par electronic works
\par 
\par 1.A.  By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
\par electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
\par and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
\par (trademark/copyright) agreement.  If you do not agree to abide by all
\par the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy
\par all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
\par If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project
\par Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the
\par terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or
\par entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.
\par 
\par 1.B.  "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark.  It may only be
\par used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
\par agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.  There are a few
\par things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
\par even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.  See
\par paragraph 1.C below.  There are a lot of things you can do with Project
\par Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement
\par and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
\par works.  See paragraph 1.E below.
\par 
\par 1.C.  The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the Foundation"
\par or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project
\par Gutenberg-tm electronic works.  Nearly all the individual works in the
\par collection are in the public domain in the United States.  If an
\par individual work is in the public domain in the United States and you are
\par located in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from
\par copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative
\par works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg
\par are removed.  Of course, we hope that you will support the Project
\par Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by
\par freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of
\par this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with
\par the work.  You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by
\par keeping this work in the same format with its attached full Project
\par Gutenberg-tm License when you share it without charge with others.
\par 
\par This particular work is one of the few copyrighted individual works
\par included with the permission of the copyright holder.  Information on
\par the copyright owner for this particular work and the terms of use
\par imposed by the copyright holder on this work are set forth at the
\par beginning of this work.
\par 
\par 1.D.  The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
\par what you can do with this work.  Copyright laws in most countries are in
\par a constant state of change.  If you are outside the United States, check
\par the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement
\par before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or
\par creating derivative works based on this work or any other Project
\par Gutenberg-tm work.  The Foundation makes no representations concerning
\par the copyright status of any work in any country outside the United
\par States.
\par 
\par 1.E.  Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:
\par 
\par 1.E.1.  The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate
\par access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear prominently
\par whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work on which the
\par phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the phrase "Project
\par Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed,
\par copied or distributed:
\par 
\par This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
\par almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
\par re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
\par with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org
\par 
\par 1.E.2.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is derived
\par from the public domain (does not contain a notice indicating that it is
\par posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied
\par and distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees
\par or charges.  If you are redistributing or providing access to a work
\par with the phrase "Project Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the
\par work, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1
\par through 1.E.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the
\par Project Gutenberg-tm trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or
\par 1.E.9.
\par 
\par 1.E.3.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
\par with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
\par must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional
\par terms imposed by the copyright holder.  Additional terms will be linked
\par to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works posted with the
\par permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.
\par 
\par 1.E.4.  Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
\par License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
\par work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.
\par 
\par 1.E.5.  Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
\par electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
\par prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
\par active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
\par Gutenberg-tm License.
\par 
\par 1.E.6.  You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
\par compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any
\par word processing or hypertext form.  However, if you provide access to or
\par distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format other than
\par "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official version
\par posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site (www.gutenberg.org),
\par you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense to the user, provide a
\par copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means of obtaining a copy upon
\par request, of the work in its original "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other
\par form.  Any alternate format must include the full Project Gutenberg-tm
\par License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.
\par 
\par 1.E.7.  Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
\par performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
\par unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.
\par 
\par 1.E.8.  You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
\par access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works provided
\par that
\par 
\par - You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
\par      the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
\par      you already use to calculate your applicable taxes.  The fee is
\par      owed to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he
\par      has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the
\par      Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.  Royalty payments
\par      must be paid within 60 days following each date on which you
\par      prepare (or are legally required to prepare) your periodic tax
\par      returns.  Royalty payments should be clearly marked as such and
\par      sent to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the
\par      address specified in Section 4, "Information about donations to
\par      the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation."
\par 
\par - You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
\par      you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
\par      does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
\par      License.  You must require such a user to return or
\par      destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium
\par      and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of
\par      Project Gutenberg-tm works.
\par 
\par - You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of any
\par      money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
\par      electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days
\par      of receipt of the work.
\par 
\par - You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
\par      distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.
\par 
\par 1.E.9.  If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project Gutenberg-tm
\par electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set
\par forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from
\par both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and Michael
\par Hart, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark.  Contact the
\par Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.
\par 
\par 1.F.
\par 
\par 1.F.1.  Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
\par effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
\par public domain works in creating the Project Gutenberg-tm
\par collection.  Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
\par works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain
\par "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate or
\par corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other intellectual
\par property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or other medium, a
\par computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot be read by
\par your equipment.
\par 
\par 1.F.2.  LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
\par of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
\par Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
\par Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
\par Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
\par liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
\par fees.  YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
\par LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
\par PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3.  YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
\par TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
\par LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
\par INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
\par DAMAGE.
\par 
\par 1.F.3.  LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
\par defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
\par receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
\par written explanation to the person you received the work from.  If you
\par received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with
\par your written explanation.  The person or entity that provided you with
\par the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a
\par refund.  If you received the work electronically, the person or entity
\par providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to
\par receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.  If the second copy
\par is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further
\par opportunities to fix the problem.
\par 
\par 1.F.4.  Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
\par in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO OTHER
\par WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
\par WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.
\par 
\par 1.F.5.  Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
\par warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
\par If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the
\par law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be
\par interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by
\par the applicable state law.  The invalidity or unenforceability of any
\par provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.
\par 
\par 1.F.6.  INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
\par trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
\par providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in accordance
\par with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production,
\par promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works,
\par harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees,
\par that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do
\par or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this or any Project Gutenberg-tm
\par work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to any
\par Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any Defect you cause.
\par 
\par 
\par Section  2.  Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm
\par 
\par Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
\par electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers
\par including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.  It exists
\par because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from
\par people in all walks of life.
\par 
\par Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
\par assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
\par goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
\par remain freely available for generations to come.  In 2001, the Project
\par Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
\par and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future generations.
\par To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation
\par and how your efforts and donations can help, see Sections 3 and 4
\par and the Foundation information page at www.gutenberg.org
\par 
\par 
\par Section 3.  Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive
\par Foundation
\par 
\par The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
\par 501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
\par state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
\par Revenue Service.  The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
\par number is 64-6221541.  Contributions to the Project Gutenberg
\par Literary Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent
\par permitted by U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.
\par 
\par The Foundation's principal office is located at 4557 Melan Dr. S.
\par Fairbanks, AK, 99712., but its volunteers and employees are scattered
\par throughout numerous locations.  Its business office is located at 809
\par North 1500 West, Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887.  Email
\par contact links and up to date contact information can be found at the
\par Foundation's web site and official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact
\par 
\par For additional contact information:
\par      Dr. Gregory B. Newby
\par      Chief Executive and Director
\par      gbnewby@pglaf.org
\par 
\par Section 4.  Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
\par Literary Archive Foundation
\par 
\par Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
\par spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
\par increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
\par freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
\par array of equipment including outdated equipment.  Many small donations
\par ($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
\par status with the IRS.
\par 
\par The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
\par charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
\par States.  Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
\par considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
\par with these requirements.  We do not solicit donations in locations
\par where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.  To
\par SEND DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any
\par particular state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate
\par 
\par While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
\par have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
\par against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
\par approach us with offers to donate.
\par 
\par International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
\par any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
\par outside the United States.  U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.
\par 
\par Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
\par methods and addresses.  Donations are accepted in a number of other
\par ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations.
\par To donate, please visit:  www.gutenberg.org/donate
\par 
\par 
\par Section 5.  General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
\par works.
\par 
\par Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project Gutenberg-tm
\par concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared
\par with anyone.  For forty years, he produced and distributed Project
\par Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.
\par 
\par Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
\par editions, all of which are confirmed as Public Domain in the U.S.
\par unless a copyright notice is included.  Thus, we do not necessarily
\par keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.
\par 
\par Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search facility:
\par 
\par      www.gutenberg.org
\par 
\par This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
\par including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
\par Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
\par subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\insrsid4017257\charrsid6686452 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\insrsid6686452\charrsid6686452 
\par 
\par }}