{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f11\fmodern\fcharset128\fprq1{\*\panose 02020609040205080304}MS Mincho{\*\falt MS ??};}{\f36\fmodern\fcharset128\fprq1{\*\panose 02020609040205080304}@MS Mincho;}
{\f118\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f119\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f121\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f122\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f123\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f124\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f125\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f126\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f138\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f139\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f141\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f142\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}
{\f143\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}{\f144\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}{\f145\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}{\f146\fmodern\fcharset163\fprq1 Courier New (Vietnamese);}
{\f230\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 MS Mincho Western{\*\falt MS ??};}{\f228\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 MS Mincho CE{\*\falt MS ??};}{\f229\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 MS Mincho Cyr{\*\falt MS ??};}{\f231\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 MS Mincho Greek{\*\falt MS ??};}
{\f232\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 MS Mincho Tur{\*\falt MS ??};}{\f235\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 MS Mincho Baltic{\*\falt MS ??};}{\f480\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 @MS Mincho Western;}{\f478\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 @MS Mincho CE;}
{\f479\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 @MS Mincho Cyr;}{\f481\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 @MS Mincho Greek;}{\f482\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 @MS Mincho Tur;}{\f485\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 @MS Mincho Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden 
Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Plain Text;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid4017257}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.3416;}{\info{\title PoPHILO}{\author Wong}{\operator gbn}{\creatim\yr2002\mo8\dy31\hr19\min29}
{\revtim\yr2002\mo8\dy31\hr19\min29}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages33}{\nofwords7274}{\nofchars41463}{\*\company UNC}{\nofcharsws48640}{\vern16453}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aendnotes\hyphhotz0\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\lytprtmet\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow0
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\bdrrlswsix\nolnhtadjtbl\oldas\rsidroot4017257 \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\dbch\af11\insrsid4017257 \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 
The Project Gutenberg EBook of PoPHILO, by Dom
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 ** This is a COPYRIGHTED Project Gutenberg eBook, Details Below **
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 **     Please follow the copyright guidelines in this file.     **
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Copyright (C) 2002 L.M. Wong
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid4017257 {\dbch\af11\insrsid4017257\charrsid7031968 \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Dommy \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 dominaeprimus@yahoo.com}{
\dbch\af11\insrsid4017257 
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\dbch\af11\insrsid4017257 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 This header should be the first thing seen when viewing this Project
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Gutenberg file.  Please do not remove it.  Do not change or edit the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 header without written permission.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Please read the "legal small print," and other infor\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 mation about the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 eBook and Project Gutenberg at the bottom of this file.  Included is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 important information about your specific rights and restrictions in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 how the file may be used.  You can also find out about how to make a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 donation to Project Gutenberg, and how to get involved.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 **Welcome To The World of Free Plain Vanilla Electronic Texts**
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 **eBooks Readable By Both Humans and By Computers, Since 1971**
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 *****These eBooks Were Prepared By Thousands of Volunteers!*****
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 T\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 itle: PoPHILO
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Author: Dom
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Release Date: March, 2004  [EBook #5329]
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 [Yes, we are more than one year ahead of schedule]
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 [This file was first posted on July 1, 2002]
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Edition: 10
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Language: English
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Character set encoding: ASCII
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 *** START OF THE PROJECT GU\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 TENBERG EBOOK, POPHILO ***
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Copyright (C) 2002 by L.M. Wong
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057\insrsid4017257 \page 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057\insrsid4017257 
\par }{\b\fs96\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057\insrsid4017257 PoPHILO}{\b\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057\insrsid4017257 
\par }{\b\fs36\ul\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057\insrsid4017257 
\par }{\b\fs36\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057\insrsid4017257 Dommy }{\b\fs40\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057\insrsid4017257 
\par 
\par }{\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057\insrsid4017257 
\par }{\b\i\fs28\ul\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057\insrsid4017257 PRELUDE
\par }{\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057\insrsid4017257 
\par }{\fs28\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057\insrsid4017257 THINKERS IN THEIR OWN WORDS DISPLAY AND CONVEY THE DEPTH OR SHALLOWNESS OF THEIR OWN AND SO SHALL BE PILLORIED OR ACCLAIMED BY THEIR OWN THOUGHTS.
\par 
\par THERE IS IMMENSITY IN SPARSENESS AND SPARSENESS IN IMMENSITY.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs144\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057\insrsid4017257 PoPHILO
\par }{\b\fs56\ul\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057\insrsid4017257 POPULAR PHILOSOPHY
\par 
\par }{\b\fs56\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057\insrsid4017257   Dommy 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057\insrsid4017257 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs28\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057\insrsid4017257 
\par 1.Better to be a willing servant to our mind than an unwilling slave to a tyrant\rquote s will.
\par 
\par 2.The physical self and mind as willing servants to a worthy cause is a form of devotion. The physical self and mind as unwilling slaves to a despised cause is physical and spiritual violation.
\par 
\par 3.Controlled freedom is externally induced refrain, discretion and responsibility .It is only when we are given the sovereignty of freewill do we realise our susceptibility and vulnerability.
\par 
\par 4.If a soothsayer predicts negative events in our lives, use freewill to avoid them. If a soothsayer predicts positive events in our lives ,use  freewill to fulfil them. }{\b\fs56\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057\insrsid4017257  
\par }{\fs28\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057\insrsid4017257 
\par 5.We should all generate our own knowledge not just absorb all that we have learned. In order to attain our full intellectual potential ,we need both the scholar and innovator in us.
\par 
\par 6.When at last we realise how much we\rquote ve lost when things have passed, we have grasped both wisdom and folly.
\par 
\par 7.A pessimist is plagued by dark vision. An optimist is embraced by clear hope .A practical realist has both dark vision and clear hope .
\par 
\par 8.Sweeping statements are uninsured ventures offering high risks of swallowing our words and pride.
\par 
\par 9.The course of one\rquote s life is like a quest for a masterpiece. It hinges on just the right intensity and apt strokes.
\par 
\par 10.The best we thought we were at earlier times are sometimes not as good as the best stage we are at now. Being at one\rquote 
s best depends on the time scale it is judged on. We peak differently at different times. All our peak points are the summits of their own time.
\par 
\par 11.A mortal fact here : Those who live within the century they were born in and never get to see the next or those  fortunate enough to see the next.
\par 
\par 12.Clich\'e9s that we cannot do without are not clich\'e9s but language essentials.
\par 
\par 13.Anxiety to the mind is akin to a fractured leg to the body.
\par 
\par 14.To maintain constant levels of alertness, for the prolific mind ; repose while for the sedentary mind ; stimulation.
\par 
\par 15.Moderate amounts of guidelines in convention and etiquette ensures that civilization behaves in civil fashion. Excessive amounts of convention and etiquette converts life into ritualistic enslavement of thought and action.
\par 
\par 16.If you don\rquote t know nothing you know something.
\par 
\par 17.One insists because of truth. One insists because of prejudice.
\par 
\par 18.Experience is when something becomes easier, more predictable with less surprises with our ability to discern those worth cherishing and those 
\par only worth  during their fleeting hour.
\par 
\par 19.Innovation may spell the demise of erstwhile techniques which were innovations of yesteryears or just muffle th
em. The possibility of revamps, revivals cannot be overruled entirely be they in similar, related or different fields of interest. Nostalgia has its charms.
\par 
\par 20.In order to be profound in thoughts the mind must be liberated from the immediate reality of trifles.
\par 
\par 21.The inexperienced and strong pour all their power to complete a task.
\par      The experienced and not as strong place their power where it\rquote s needed.
\par 
\par 22.There are those who are weak with strong will and those strong with 
\par      weak will.
\par 
\par 23.Sharing is to be aware that we are not the absolute owner and to attune ourselves to the pendulum cycle of holding and releasing.
\par  
\par 24.Communication isn\rquote t confined to mere expression. Communication involves discretion and sensitivity as well to connotations and subtleties.
\par 
\par 25.A wizened head is not necessarily a wise one, vice-versa.
\par 
\par 26.To be educated with what we know and to expect them in a particular form only is to be unprepared for exceptions.
\par 
\par 27.Innovation brings changes to lifestyle , technology and attitude too.
\par 
\par 28.To be comfortable with Falsehood is to be uneasy with Truth.
\par 
\par 29.If conventional methods bind us  in a knot , let innovation undo it.
\par 
\par 30.If conformity fills the world, inventiveness shapes it.
\par 
\par 31.If conformity follows the charted course, innovation plots it.
\par 
\par 32.Tradition is a method to get fledglings and elders involved. For a while, regardless of seniority ,they are united by a common cause.
\par 
\par 33.Daring, recklessness and folly are discerned by the odds, rational thought and degree of desperation.
\par 
\par 34.Observe interests before resolving the conflict.
\par 
\par 35.Meet your Maker with readiness and anticipation , honour and humility , knowledge and receptiveness ,forgiveness in soul , remorse for vices , joy for virtues and devoted willingness to be of service to the Omnipotent.
\par 
\par 36.Some interpretations of morality and immorality change as humanity evolves while the absolutes remain.
\par 
\par 37.We labour for ourselves and for others.
\par 
\par 38.Trends are variants and possibilities. They dock at the harbours of fashion and drift away to the sea of pass\'e9. From obscurity sometimes they do return. Direction lies not there. Direction lies in rudiments upon which trends were moulded.
\par 
\par 39.Unbridled discerning divides us.
\par 
\par 40.To know much of everything is extraordinary. To know much of something or someone is a common norm.
\par 
\par 41.Most of the time a-know-it-all is a know-less-than-all.
\par 
\par 42.Having just adequate knowledge to exist is like being familiar with our own dwelling. But once outside ,we become ignorant strangers. 
\par 
\par 43.Let us live and understand not just mere pride from knowing about things.
\par 
\par 44.Search within and discover that
\par ...we know more than we think
\par ...we know less than we think
\par ...we are less than what we think we are
\par ..we are greater than what we think we are
\par 
\par 45.It is a terrible affliction to underestimate and overestimate ourselves frequently.
\par 
\par 46.An identical replacement should be deemed as such without undue expectations for it to resemble or be what was lost or unattainable. To have a substitute subjected to endless comparisons brings agony and disillusionment.
\par 
\par 47.Withholding, releasing, utilising and non utilising  information exacerbates or brings peace.
\par 
\par 48.To shape one\rquote s own methods and principles , observe others. From that emerges one\rquote s identity with tolerance and understanding of others.
\par 
\par 49.The best way to honour and cherish is to treasure and remember it at its finest.
\par 
\par 50.It is great to be flawlessly felicitous for the moment. It is greater to be
\par relevant always.
\par 
\par 51.Blood is the fluid of life. Water is the fluid for sustaining life.
\par 
\par 52.Two options to attain greatness and awareness. One, through conspicuous 
\par actions .Two, through inconspicuous means.
\par 
\par 53.We  realise mistakes 
\par ...while it\rquote s been made
\par ...after it has been made
\par ...after been informed
\par ...after admonishment
\par ...after  been criticised
\par ...after its consequences have befallen us
\par ...before its occurrence
\par 
\par 54.Acknowledgement comes while we are here or when we have left.
\par 
\par 55.Opportunity is not a one way traffic flow. There are times when others and events create opportunities for us. In our time of need, magnanimity , obligation or circumstantial twists of events, we create opportunities for others.
\par 
\par 56.Having an interest in a certain subject covers more than academic pursuits. Practical pursuits come to play too. It can be a possession of something with the potential to augment progress in a particular sector or more.
\par 
\par 57.Interest may lead to growth or decline, conception or doom to those affected.
\par 
\par 58.When we realise that we are misfits in other matters, console ourselves with our strengths.
\par 
\par 
\par 59.It is not easy being a perfectionist. The mind has to live up with the demands of the heart\rquote s desire, th
e form has to toil while the conscience has to answer whether to live with a flaw or eradicate it even if it means more effort. The restless heart searches constantly for improvement. The final attainment and result of work is left for the perfectionist t
o regard it as worth every iota of distress, sacrifice , struggle and rumination invested or else the set up is undone and rebuilt again.
\par 
\par 60.Thinking is the means of marshalling our dormant memory, facts , ideas and dreams while we coax them to form a cohesive logical fluxion.
\par 
\par 61.Endurance and Faith are required in the advance into uncertainty for they are our defiant impetus of resistance which pit against tempting surrender.
\par 
\par 62.Rational judgment and discretion are imperative in an age when sources of knowledge provide contradictory accounts. It aids those who are bemused  and buried in the quagmire of indecision.
\par 
\par 63.Seekers seek for 
\par ...the purpose of conquering
\par ...the purpose of cherishing
\par ...for the sake of seeking
\par ...in order to destroy
\par 
\par 
\par 64.Bellicose seekers will be met with opposition while the one who comes in peace will be greeted with cooperation.
\par 
\par 65.Public opinion is what society considers you to be. Reputation is what you have done to enable associates , rivals and strangers  to consider you to be. Self-esteem is what you consider yourself to be .
\par 
\par 66.Artists create 
\par ...what they think the public want  .... for the joys of creating
\par ...what they think that the public should see ... according to their whims
\par ...exactly what the public want ... or things which will invite controversy
\par ...for the sake of creating  ... for the sake of their sanity.
\par 
\par 
\par 67.It is much easier to yearn and possess than to cherish and preserve.
\par 
\par 68.WHAT CAUSES CONFLICT ?
\par Differing points of view and no middle road for both to tread.
\par 
\par 69.Actions are impulses and thoughts brought to the physical realm.
\par 
\par 70.Curb fears that immobilise us. Value and harness those which mobilise us.
\par 
\par 71.Sometimes the way to peace is to just accept the state of things.
\par 
\par 72.The ability to adapt, learn , to be adept and improvise are methods  used 
\par for mastering situations .The ability to amass possibilities are methods of altering or avoiding situations in which we were cast in.
\par 
\par 73.We may not welcome old age yet we ought to welcome wisdom from experience.
\par 
\par 74.Among us are those who treasure their childhood and wish to be children and innocent. There are those who treasure adulthood .There are those willing to remain in the world of adolescent joys and pain.
\par 
\par 75.Be calm if one is as wise as one ought to be.
\par     Fear not if one is wiser too.    
\par     Fear when one is less than one ought to be.   
\par   
\par 
\par 76.Situations influence our mood. We cannot deny that our moods do exist. We are all moody people.
\par 
\par 77.Fear for yourself and for others if you have no control over destructive impulses.
\par 
\par 78.A perfectionist can be one who demands perfection from oneself and/or from others. Demands for perfection may be constant or occasional , realistic or otherwise while dealing with human or technological limitations .
\par   
\par 
\par 79.Swearing to keep secrets is easy. To refrain ourselves from disclosing is the challenge.
\par 
\par 80.Sometimes it is the average  person with common sense who puts things right not experts weighed down by their theories and principles.
\par 
\par 81.It is easy to disclose a secret. It is hard to live with the fact of having done so.
\par 
\par 82.Past brushes with fright make either the coward or the brave.
\par 
\par 83.The make does not make a person.
\par 
\par 84.There are times when changes appear to threaten our plans. They are sometimes inevitable. At times it is our less than perfect ideals which are threatened and to alter them will be to our advantage later.
\par 
\par 85.Better to transform faces of the present and deal with the tide of approaching time than undo an established past .
\par 
\par 86.Truth can be blurred but its persistence ensures that its implications will not be shrouded indefinitely. Truth outlives schemers .
\par 
\par 87.Deny truth and believe delusions. Deny truth and be hounded by its legitimacy .Deny truth but later come to terms with it.
\par 
\par 88.We retain the exterior and keep the core  vice-versa .
\par      Keep both core and exterior or discard both for new.
\par 
\par 89.If one searches and discovers common links in the mesh of basic principles , dissimilarity floats on the surface and similarity is submerged 
\par below.
\par 
\par 90.Conformity tries to cajole individuality to apologise for its uniqueness.
\par 
\par 91.If our expressions  of individuality in no way transgress human laws or God\rquote s ,there is no basis to demand for a renouncement or recant.
\par 
\par 
\par 92.It is best that we allow not ourselves to be stunted by well worn methods and well tried ways. Time will tell as to when we are secure and confident enough to venture out from the narrow sphere.
\par 
\par 93.If you have been spared certain labour, use the time allocated to your leisure for self evaluation and elevation .
\par 
\par 94.It is not adequate to just grow wiser. Disseminate your work so others may derive the same joys as well.
\par 
\par 95.The question is laid to every person. Will one travel along the lighted or darkened passage ?
\par 
\par 96.Sense of duty comes in various forms. Whatever the preference or nature 
\par the end is for some benefit.
\par 
\par 97.Society tends to consider us...
\par ...too much of certain things too little of others
\par ...capable of certain things incapable of others
\par ...knowledgeable of some and ignorant of certain  things
\par ...should be certain things and not be others
\par ...apt for some and inappropriate for others
\par ...too early for certain things too late for others
\par ...just about right for some others. 
\par 
\par 98.Desire, goals and interest are among those which have another in place when fulfilled.
\par 
\par 99.It takes varying doses of effort to end below, equal to or grander than  the manner in which we have started.
\par 
\par 100. Biological and mental  age has a bearing towards our ambitions and enthusiasm not just the environment. One extract does not make a compound.
\par 
\par 101.Philosophy is the sum of experience and knowledge  regarding a matter or a scope of matters compressed into blocks of wisdom or expressed in a full length treatise form.
\par 
\par 102.What seems to be the start or the end may turn out to be a brief term , long term or perpetual existence of a state.
\par 
\par 103.The measure of courage is based on the manner in which we confront the actual event or how one comes to grips with the outcome.
\par 
\par 104.We know that we have become more discerning in taste when we are more selective, are no longer smitten or persuaded by one of its elements .
\par We appreciate the entirety.
\par 
\par 105.If  what that has been expressed does not correspond with what has been done, language is unnecessary and superfluous. 
\par 
\par 106.When one has nothing to say it is time to reflect on that state of emptiness.
\par 
\par 107.There are those who want to prove themselves. There are those who never wanted to. There are  those without the chance to do so. There are those who have done so. There are those who go on until enough has been done .
\par 
\par 108.There are
\par ...those who are not
\par ...those who want to be
\par ...those who do not want to
\par ...those who will never be
\par ...those who will be
\par ...those who think they are
\par ...those trying to be
\par ...those who nearly are
\par ...those who are
\par 
\par 109.Banalities are the light and mundane touches to life. They do not make the larger picture but they assist in completing it.
\par 
\par 110.Sleep\rquote s a cure and a disease.
\par \tab Sleep\rquote s a necessity and an addiction.
\par \tab Sleep\rquote s a willing servant and a temptor.
\par \tab Sleep clears the mind and muddles the head.
\par \tab 
\par 111.What we perceive as tools of leisure are another\rquote s tools of trade.
\par 
\par 112.There are people. There are names. We are known by them. We build them, we besmirch them. We create and alter them. We are proud or embarrassed of them. We remember or forget them. We honour, ridicule, criti
cise or dishonour them. We play with them, use, abuse and share them.
\par 
\par 113.To be fearful and survive, to have confronted countless deaths and lived, breeds strength and calm nurtured by mastery of terror and vulnerability.
\par 
\par 114.Victory and euphoria by itself is ephemeral. The spoils and the future matter more.
\par 
\par 115.At times we have to clear the conscience that we have expended our most fervent efforts.
\par 
\par 116.Sometimes the passage to comprehension is to derive first hand experience. Sometimes it is done through other sources. In any method,
\par dedication is vital.
\par 
\par 117.When there\rquote s madness there\rquote s chaos and consequences.
\par \tab When there is craving there is desire.
\par \tab When there\rquote s madness and desire there breeds frenzy and obsession.
\par \tab  Reality is lost.
\par 
\par 118.When there is a dream there is a drive. Where there are principles you can find conviction. When there is dedication there is responsibility. Where there is consideration, there breeds caution and care. There is a sense of reality. 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs56\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057\insrsid4017257   
\par }{\fs28\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057\insrsid4017257 119.Be one\rquote s life prominent or inconspicuous, hectic or laid back, complex or simple, matters not. Whether one sees the pattern of occurrence and truth matters.
\par 
\par 120.A power failure is a bright flash which put us in the dark.
\par 
\par 121.It is personal opinion which must be curtailed for fair judgment. Only those who laud or maul know the extent of their personal opinions in their judgment.
\par 
\par 122.Those who appreciate most are those who understand best.
\par 
\par 123.The world is a hive of variety and we beings of variety.
\par 
\par 124.Perspiration forms not only upon the brow of those who toil. The anxious, fearful, industrious, weary, and relieved have the salt on them too.
\par 
\par 125.If nothing is of importance , we would not take anything or be taken seriously.
\par 
\par 126.When the initial passion had waned, conviction with rational reason sustain interest.
\par 
\par 127.In order to atone for past misdeeds, at times, the peace offering comes with a returned opportunity.
\par 
\par 128.We back away to avoid involvement, back away to watch.
\par \tab We back away when threatened, back away when instinct tells us.
\par \tab We back away when it\rquote s time to leave, when we care enough for \tab another to manage on their own.
\par 
\par 129.You have to be either strong or weak enough to turn your back from 
\par something.
\par 
\par 130.In most cases, it is poor perception that hinders, not physical impediment.
\par 
\par 
\par 131.At the commencement, new findings come to us in abundance. At later stages when a sizeable amount had been unearthed, they come at a slower pace.
\par 
\par 132.When we worry because of the dearth of things to ruminate on, we have found a chunk to ponder on. Closest things at hand are too often disregarded.
\par 
\par 133.We ought to be grateful for all the circumstances which enabled us to attain and those which inspired us.
\par 
\par 134.Choices are made according to varying mixtures of rational reasoning and emotions.
\par 
\par 135.To bear with resentment is difficult .To take our leave from its misery is 
\par happy relief.
\par 
\par 136.Repetition enhances appreciation and zeal or heightens annoyance and aversion.
\par 
\par 137.To keep is to impede or nurture. To keep is to destroy or preserve.
\par 
\par 138.Awareness is not only exploring the inner self but the outer environment as well.
\par 
\par 139.We go in pursuit for many aims, to learn, to inflate the ego, to serve a cause, to heighten the reputation, to capture, to treasure, to harm and to protect.
\par 
\par 140.There is cost involved in both victory and defeat.
\par 
\par 141.What others think of us may or may not be what they thought of us previously. What others think of us may or may not be what we think ourselves to be.
\par 
\par 142.From what we know, we can decrease or augment, deplete or replenish,
\par waste or retain, discourage or nurture , obliterate or create. 
\par 
\par 
\par 143.Whether one\rquote s labours are rewarded with favour or spurned, whatever the outcome, one ought to be consoled with the comfort that the execution of our labours were made under the cover of probabilities and guided by clarity of conscience.
\par 
\par 144.Sometimes gestures and silence are the most apt communication.
\par 
\par 145.Far better to give a sterling performance without an audience rather than to an unappreciative one.
\par 
\par 146.Where love resides there is a bond. Where there\rquote s a bond it may not always have love as company.
\par 
\par 147.When love is no more, mutual respect and tolerance are left. When these due to friction are depleted, parting is best.
\par 
\par 148.Rage so long as it reigns, obscures profundity of all else but raging fever.
\par 
\par 149.Our scars and hurt have tales to tell. They are part of the cost of living and experience.
\par 
\par 150.Faith is trust.
\par 
\par 151.In the imperfect cosmos, enhancement of one feature comes with depletion or sacrifice of another.
\par 
\par 152.When we serve for gain or from generosity, we still have to put up with some personal discomfort.
\par 
\par 153.One stroke of a thread ferrying needle undoes a stitch. One potent stroke of a drug carrying needle undoes a life.
\par 
\par 154.If matters were simpler, there would be more trust, less elaborate schemes and less reading between the lines.
\par 
\par 155.If we view valid individualism and idiosyncrasies as unacceptable, then
\par being ourselves is tantamount to an illegal act. 
\par 
\par 156.At times scarcity and limitations bring about excellence.
\par 
\par 157.Our passion indicates our commitment .How our passion consumes and endures testify to the intensity of conviction.
\par 
\par 158.To be exceptional may mean being at the extreme ends of classification.
\par 
\par 159.It takes effort to create well, duplicate well and emulate well.
\par 
\par 160.As we progress what were once seen as luxuries become necessities.
\par 
\par 161.To be ennobled through age is a reward. To be debased in character as we age is a shame.
\par 
\par 162.No one relishes the ill mannered fledgling or elder.
\par 
\par 163.We all play our part towards the well being of civilization.
\par 
\par 164.When you fear yourself you will fear your own shadow.
\par        When you fear for yourself, you will also fear your own shadow. 
\par 
\par 165.There is order in disorder when feuding factions champion similar causes.
\par 
\par 166.There is pain and relief in both holding on and letting go.
\par 
\par 167.For most, fantasy\rquote s encroachment into reality is better received than  reality\rquote s rude burst into fantasy.
\par 
\par 168.Most would wish to stay with fond fantasies if there are no fond realities. When and where there are fond realities to live with, there we shall stay.
\par 
\par 169.It is not sufficient to have one\rquote s facts precise but also to be sure of them and ourselves.
\par 
\par 170.In anger it is too easy to draw exaggerated stereotypical conclusions. It takes sensitivity towards conscience and a vigorous spirit to resolve objectively.
\par 
\par 171.Circumstances and distractions make the weary and wary fair game.
\par 
\par 172.Reality deals with what is. Fantasy deals with what might be even if it is impossible.
\par 
\par 173.There is dignity and greatness in the grand and humble. Our eyes need to seek the less obvious for our minds to appreciate them.
\par 
\par 174.The pace with which we go about our work manifest calm or alarm.
\par 
\par 175.Being immersed in concentration is like tuning out in order to tune in.
\par 
\par 176.We came here unsoiled. Our misdeeds soil us.
\par 
\par 177.Our struggles wear us away, our passions invigorate us.
\par 
\par 178.Society spares neither those who speak too much or those who speak little.
\par 
\par 179.A wrinkled brow should not be the price of temporary discomfort.
\par 
\par 180.When we try overzealously to be proper in appearance and manners, we at times overdo it to the extent that we end up apologising and blushing over matters which are normal and natural.
\par 
\par 181.Let\rquote s face it, not all are compensated equally in material comforts for
\par their troubles.
\par 
\par 182.The measure of strength is the volume of abuse which it is capable of withstanding.
\par 
\par 183.Some buckle under pressure , some buckle under excessive sweetness.
\par 
\par 184.To see truth ,  we have to see through deceit.
\par 
\par 185.One is charred by one\rquote s torch when one is snuffed by the flame of one\rquote s passion.
\par 
\par 186.There is the disquiet of unease in either knowing or not knowing.
\par       There is the ease of calm knowing and not knowing.
\par 
\par 187.Confusion brings forth fear, fear brings forth confusion.
\par 
\par 188.In a serious surrounding, we tune in with ease to  the significant. In a mundane surrounding , we have to wait for revelations from banalities to 
\par help us delve into significance.
\par 
\par 189.There is a drive to action or to the brake of passivity when we are overly anxious.
\par 
\par 190.Familiarity tends to make us take things for granted while the unknown 
\par cautions us .
\par 
\par 191.By using our strength we can either do a lot of good or a lot of damage
\par to ourselves or to our surroundings. 
\par 
\par 192.We appreciate by preserving, devouring, using and by being careful.
\par 
\par 193.Control is present in creation and destruction.
\par 
\par 194.Credit is given or withheld when justified or otherwise, when expected or otherwise and when under obligation.
\par 
\par 195.If we persist against reason, it is like dehydrating a parched desert.
\par 
\par 196.There are fantasies which deserve a shot at reality and those which should remain as they are.
\par 
\par 197.There are realities which we are thankful for and those which we wished had stayed as unfulfilled fantasies.
\par 
\par 198.Fantasies are stakes in a world of intangibles.
\par 
\par 
\par 199.For the preservation of sanity we reach for relief from orthodox and unorthodox quarters.
\par 
\par 200.To stray is to lose or to find.
\par 
\par 201.Uncomprehended text are just blots on matter which ignorance is unable to decipher.
\par 
\par 202.Despite the worth of a piece of work, if it\rquote s not understood it is worthless or at best a nagging mystery. 
\par 
\par 203.Be thankful for having both food and shelter during intemperate weather. 
\par 
\par 204.We forget about others while drunk in our own comforts and pleasures.
\par 
\par 205.There are escape artists who perform stunts by liberating themselves from danger. There are escape artists who perform stunts by shirking responsibility.
\par 
\par 206.We are given the option to etch our niche in humankind\rquote s odyssey as those who follow the paved path or as those who hacked their own.
\par 
\par 207.Fiction is when one\rquote s work is courted by reality and possibility, the logical and illogical.
\par 
\par 208.If you want a recital, ask for what one knows. If you wish to witness an accomplishment, ask for what one can do with what one knows.
\par 
\par 209.Seek for one and you shall find many. Accept one and you shall accept many.
\par 
\par 210.One can only caution oneself or another if one has foresight, the lessons of  experience or knowledge.
\par 
\par 211.If we hadn\rquote t been particularly exceptional in a certain matter, compensate for it in others if one is able.
\par 
\par 
\par 212.The enhancing mask of vanity is a lesser vice compared to the deceptive mask of lies.
\par 
\par 213.It takes the higher to make the lesser realise. It takes the lesser to make the higher realise.
\par 
\par 214.Paces frantic, moderate or leisurely yield results.
\par 
\par 215.Variety, uniformity and contrast is to be found in similar or a myriad of elements.
\par 
\par 216.There is control in bursts of energy or in composure.
\par 
\par 217.We think of things which we believe and do not believe.
\par 
\par 218.Reality is as normal or ludicrous as the events which shape it.
\par 
\par 219.Keeping ourselves alert is the easiest, most natural and challenging thing to attempt.
\par 
\par 220.Seeing the sane and farcical keep our sanity.
\par        Being able to tell the difference assures us of our sanity.
\par 
\par 221.Wishing for the worst for others bares the worst in us.
\par 
\par 222.To commit ourselves truly, it is best that we make as few pledges as possible.
\par 
\par 223.We mostly refrain from requesting assistance because of pride, taciturn nature ,fear or over confidence .
\par 
\par 224.Pride is forgotten when one is threatened or desperate.
\par 
\par 225.When inspiring thoughts leave us ,  we lose the fervour. We are left with tokens of achievement and the longing to achieve more.
\par 
\par 226.Reverberating thoughts impede or propel.
\par 
\par 
\par 227.Results are produced through depletion of renewable and non renewable resources.
\par 
\par 228.We are spent or revitalised when we give or derive.
\par 
\par 229.We are all tied to strings of some sort. Some strings are longer, firmer and more essential than some others.
\par 
\par 230.Discretion is found in those with many priorities or in those who understand subtleties of human ways.
\par 
\par 231.An act of disregard can set the stage for a succession of similar misdeeds because those in a position to rectify chose not to commit and instead conformed to the state.
\par 
\par 234.Praise emboldens, inflates or reddens the cheeks.
\par 
\par 233.Relationships are equal and unequal.
\par 
\par 234.A question does not necessarily beget an answer.
\par 
\par 235.We are noted for
\par ...being in and out of prominence
\par ...our potential to be in or out of prominence
\par 
\par 236.We are elated that others understand us. We are uneasy because others comprehend us.
\par 
\par 237.The reluctant will not. The reckless will. The rational evaluate.
\par 
\par 238.A disguise is a state contrary to the actual or natural state.
\par 
\par 239.It is next to impossible  trying to assist those who are unwilling to be assisted.
\par 
\par 240.Do not venture beyond one\rquote s accustomed depths for the sake of 
\par answering a childish challenge.
\par 
\par 
\par 241.There is ceremony for both our physical advent and departure.
\par 
\par 242.Attempts themselves do not manifest righteousness.
\par 
\par 243.If we allot too much leeway for others in the running of our lives, we might not get to know ourselves or its potential.
\par 
\par 244.We cannot survive solely in the realm of the past, however grand, for the rest of our existence.
\par 
\par 245.Awareness come not only from work of others but from our own observation as well.
\par 
\par 246.Sanity should not be confused with conformity.
\par 
\par 247.A philosopher is one who roams through the wilderness of specifics in order to derive compact and representative generalisations .
\par 
\par 248.The fire within heats us to action or burns us to oblivion.
\par 
\par 249.Desperation heeds not reason, decorum or consent.
\par 
\par 250.We criticise others well and convincingly. Can we do the same for ourselves or will it take another to see the cracks on our crystal ?
\par 
\par 251.When one is too enmeshed in light matters, serious matters become heavy burdens.    
\par 
\par 252.Being out of touch from the familiar makes the return strange.
\par 
\par 253.The superfluous are decorations built from the base of essentials.
\par        We can add them on or discard them  when it pleases us or when 
\par        prodded by necessity but we cannot dispense with the essentials.
\par 
\par 254.How well we perform a task reflects how much we have learned.
\par        How well we perform a task reflects our aptitude level. 
\par        \tab 
\par 
\par 
\par 255.When a situation is prevalent, a deviation is seen as an exception, anomaly or luxury.
\par 
\par 256.Life comes to us in fragments .We have to link the pieces to find our
\par       place in it.
\par 
\par 257.We express knowledge in full, in portions, always or at times.
\par        We admit ignorance in full, in portions, always or at times.
\par 
\par 258.Process involves cause and transition of former states to that of latter or resulting states and eventual outcome.  
\par 
\par 259.For one to know intellectual fullness and depth, one must beforehand 
\par be submerged in the levity of banality. The two states come in intervals.
\par 
\par 260.We develop our intellect by striving to know what others know. We advance our minds by formulating what others know not.
\par 
\par 261.Impulse demands for attention .It is our discretion which chooses to
\par       see to its needs or to ignore it.
\par 
\par 262.We are too preoccupied with singular functions which deal with worldly tasks. It is akin to acknowledging the individual components 
\par of a contraption and not the reason for its invention.
\par 
\par 263.Philosophy and deep rumination is often ill considered by those in the fever and throes of the rat race.
\par 
\par 264.In order to relate to a state, experience of that state comes to play.
\par 
\par 265.Some things lose their appeal when they lose their novelty.
\par 
\par 266.Be sure to secure the base of or triumph at the time of glory lest it be eroded when it is our turn to face the brink.
\par 
\par 267.We regard time spent on a matter only to find it unsuitable for our purpose a waste yet it isn\rquote t for the evolution of thought and concepts 
\par have brought us to our present stage besides strengthening our tenacity.
\par 
\par 268.A preference may be linked to the emotions or emotional detachment.
\par       Preferences may be formulated from practical necessity or the heart\rquote s   
\par       calling.
\par 
\par 269. Bitter or sweet farewells are in synchrony with our emotions at the 
\par         time.
\par 
\par 270.Little bits of misery is found all over existence and it is unevenly
\par        distributed.
\par 
\par 271.One cannot be dogmatic in a game of cat and mouse.
\par 
\par 272.We are victims and beneficiaries of our excesses, austerity and 
\par        moderation.
\par 
\par 273.Between \'93could have been\'94 and \'93has been\'94 is \'93 being\'94.
\par 
\par 274.Jadedness is when excitement\rquote s throbs are tempered by experience.
\par 
\par 275.Matters past which we had derived from sources other than ourselves   
\par       is knowledge.
\par       Matters past which we have lived through is experience.
\par       We have knowledge and experience with us.
\par 
\par 276.All worthy actions done were done not in vain.
\par 
\par 277.Others know us for what we have done.
\par       We know ourselves by what we have done , what we have
\par       yet to do , what we are capable of and what we cannot do.
\par 
\par 278.All of us devour a form of life in order to sustain our own.
\par 
\par 279.One sometimes can have no inkling of a matter until it is one\rquote s
\par        turn of fortune to encounter it.
\par 
\par 280.One\rquote s taste can be flaunted for show but one\rquote s show is not to
\par        everyone\rquote s taste.
\par 
\par 
\par 281.Some matters serve a specific purpose while there are those which possess relevance always.
\par 
\par 282.A humorist has laughter to spare and share.
\par 
\par 283.Life cannot be considered seriously by one who sees it as a mere absurdity.
\par 
\par 284.Glumness is a disease when and where laughter is infectious.
\par 
\par 285.He who laughs last caught the joke last or has a pathetically slow sense of humour.
\par 
\par 286.One who conveys a joke cracks it. One who listens catches it.
\par 
\par 287.Humour makes the heavy world a lighter one.
\par 
\par 288.Humour lightens and brightens up solemnity.
\par 
\par 289.It is logical to limit oneself to necessities in lean times. It is thrift to limit oneself to necessities in boom times.
\par 
\par 290.A sober approach to birthdays  is to consider them as a time for
\par reflection and resolution in place of common revelry.
\par 
\par 291.Material with knowledge and wisdom. Material with knowledge 
\par but without wisdom. Material which give neither.
\par 
\par 292.Thought and conduct are fused as a singular entity in wisdom.
\par 
\par 293.If one were to be blamed, be blamed for zeal\rquote s abundance rather  than the pathetic lack of it.
\par 
\par 294.When one is a compulsive achiever, a person of accomplishment at an earlier than usual phase, one is at a state whereby it would have taken others a much longer time to gr
asp. For those who prefer to progress gradually , early achievement  is a remarkable  exception / anomaly.
\par 
\par 
\par 295.Prudence makes us servants of our needs and anxiety.
\par 
\par 296.Confidence lends courage .
\par 
\par 297.The beginning of our affection is selfish and self-serving. At its maturity
\par our affection is such that sacrifice becomes a viable option for the welfare and happiness of another.
\par 
\par 298.We adapt , adopt and  emulate  in order to progress and as we progress.
\par 
\par 299.We are pained at the point of release for we know what we shall miss.
\par We are indifferent if we do not know of what we shall be deprived of.
\par 
\par 300.The extreme ends of involvement are at the fringes of impassioned and detached states.
\par 
\par 301.When we are unfamiliar with something, we review it  often so that we can assimilate it in our minds and to accustom our thoughts with it.  
\par When we are familiar with something we become well versed  enough to kid around with it.    
\par 
\par 302.We were born as dots among masses. We try to leave as complete sentences. Yet the length of our trail hangs heavily upon circumstances.
\par 
\par 303.We may holler out loud. We may be heard by all. All comes to nought  till another answers the call.
\par 
\par 304.Our tongues make things great and ordinary sound as they are or contrary to their significance and nature.
\par 
\par 305.Waiting can be brief respite from outcome or torment of outcome\rquote s uncertainty.
\par 
\par 306.Vision to create a cause. Conviction to stay and Effort to pursue it.
\par 
\par 307.Dissatisfaction fuels both beneficial and destructive effects.
\par 
\par 308.Carbonated drink makers are a jolly lot. They are in a bubbly profession.    
\par 
\par 309.Critics whine, critics praise, critics appraise, critics condemn , critics dismiss , critics ignore , critics avoid.
\par 
\par 310.We complain of work which drain us and we complain of a lack of work. 
\par 
\par 311.We can say what we really wish to. What hinders our speech are  variables in circumstances and its retinue of effects .
\par 
\par 312.We recall because there was a yesterday and it has passed.
\par        We do because we have today and it passes but once.
\par        We plan because we believe in tomorrow and it will come to pass.  
\par 
\par 313. It is the tempered soul that outlasts the fury of the pyre, the mortality of the flesh,
 the vicissitudes of fancies, impermanence of favours, the narcissism of vanity and the intransigence of factions. For awhile, and while it lasts, the soul wears the godhead and inspiration, and it sees the wisdom withheld from foolishness and the dues of
 virtues. How one wishes to have that crowning wisdom, on the strength of our worthiness, unhindered by our most personal and private of pitfalls.                
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs28\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057\insrsid4017257 \page }{\dbch\af11\insrsid4017257 
\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 *** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK, POPHILO ***
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 *******This file should be named dompo10\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 .txt or dompo10.zip *******
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Corrected EDITIONS of our eBooks get a new NUMBER, dompo11.zip
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 We are now trying to release all our eBooks one year in advance
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 of the official release dates, leaving time for better editing.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Please be encouraged to tell us about any error or corrections,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 even years after the official publication date.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Please note neither this listing nor its contents are final til
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 midnight of the last day of the month of any such announcement.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 The official re\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 lease date of all Project Gutenberg eBooks is at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Midnight, Central Time, of the last day of the stated month.  A
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 preliminary version may often be posted for suggestion, comment
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 and editing by those who wish to do so.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Most people start at our sites at:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 htt\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 p://gutenberg.net or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 http://promo.net/pg
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 These Web sites include award-winning information about Project
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Gutenberg, including how to donate, how to help produce our new
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 eBooks, and how to subscribe to our email newsletter (free!).
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Those of you who want \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 to download any eBook before announcement
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 can get to them as follows, and just download by date.  This is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 also a good way to get them instantly upon announcement, as the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 indexes our cataloguers produce obviously take a while after an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 announcement goes out \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 in the Project Gutenberg Newsletter.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 http://www.ibiblio.org/gutenberg/etext03 or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 ftp://ftp.ibiblio.org/pub/docs/books/gutenberg/etext03
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Or /etext02, 01, 00, 99, 98, 97, 96, 95, 94, 93, 92, 92, 91 or 90
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Just search by the first five letters of the filename you want,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 as it appears in our Newsletters.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Information about Project Gutenberg (one page)
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 We produce about two million dollars for each hour we work.  The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 time it takes us, a rather conservative est\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 imate, is fifty hours
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 to get any eBook selected, entered, proofread, edited, copyright
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 searched and analyzed, the copyright letters written, etc.   Our
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 projected audience is one hundred million readers.  If the value
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 per text is nominally estimated at one \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 dollar then we produce $2
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 million dollars per hour in 2001 as we release over 50 new eBook
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 files per month, or 500 more eBooks in 2000 for a total of 4000+
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 If they reach just 1-2% of the world's population then the total
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 should reach over 300 billion eBook\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 s given away by year's end.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 The Goal of Project Gutenberg is to Give Away One Trillion eBook
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Files by December 31, 2001.  [10,000 x 100,000,000 = 1 Trillion]
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 This is ten thousand titles each to one hundred million readers,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 which is only about 4% of the pr\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 esent number of computer users.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 At our revised rates of production, we will reach only one-third
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 of that goal by the end of 2001, or about 4,000 eBooks.  We need
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 funding, as well as continued efforts by volunteers, to maintain
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 or increase our production and reach our goals.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation has been created
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 to secure a future for Project Gutenberg into the next millennium.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 As of February, 2002, contributions are being solicited from people
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 and \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 organizations in: Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Connecticut,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Illinois,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, Massachusetts,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Nevada, New
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, Ohio,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, South
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, Washington, West
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Virginia, Wisconsin, and Wyoming.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 We have filed in a\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 ll 50 states now, but these are the only ones
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 that have responded.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 As the requirements for other states are met, additions to this list
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 will be made and fund raising will begin in the additional states.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Please feel free to ask to check the status of your \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 state.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 In answer to various questions we have received on this:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 We are constantly working on finishing the paperwork to legally
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 request donations in all 50 states.  If your state is not listed and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 you would like to know if we have added it since the list\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2  you have,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 just ask.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 While we cannot solicit donations from people in states where we are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 not yet registered, we know of no prohibition against accepting
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 donations from donors in these states who approach us with an offer to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 donate.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 International donations are accepted, but we don't know ANYTHING about
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 how to make them tax-deductible, or even if they CAN be made
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 deductible, and don't have the staff to handle it even if there are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 ways.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Donations by check or money order may be sent to:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 PMB 113
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 1739 University Ave.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Oxford, MS 38655-4109
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Contact us if you want to arrange for a wire transfer or payment
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 method other than by check or money order.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundati\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 on has been approved by
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 the US Internal Revenue Service as a 501(c)(3) organization with EIN
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 [Employee Identification Number] 64-622154.  Donations are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 tax-deductible to the maximum extent permitted by law.  As fund-raising
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 requirements for other states ar\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 e met, additions to this list will be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 made and fund-raising will begin in the additional states.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 We need your donations more than ever!
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 You can get up to date donation information online at:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 http://www.gutenberg.net/donation.html
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 ***
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 If you can't reach Project Gutenberg,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 you can always email directly to:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Michael S. Hart <hart@pobox.com>
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Prof. Hart will answer or forward your message.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 We would prefer to send you information by email.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 **Information prepared by the Project Gutenberg \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 legal advisor**
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 (Three Pages)
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 ***START** SMALL PRINT! for COPYRIGHT PROTECTED EBOOKS ***
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 TITLE AND COPYRIGHT NOTICE:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 PoPHILO by Dom
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Copyright (C) 2002 L.M. Wong
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 This eBook is distributed by Professor Michael S. Hart through the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Project Gutenberg Associ\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 ation (the "Project") under the "Project
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Gutenberg" trademark and with the permission of the eBook's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 copyright owner.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Please do not use the "PROJECT GUTENBERG" trademark to market
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 any commercial products without permission.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 LICENSE
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 You can (and are encouraged!) to copy and distribute this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Project Gutenberg-tm eBook.  Since, unlike many other of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Project's eBooks, it is copyright protected, and since the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 materials and methods you use will effect the Project's reputation,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 your right\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2  to copy and distribute it is limited by the copyright
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 laws and by the conditions of this "Small Print!" statement.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2   [A]  ALL COPIES: You may distribute copies of this eBook
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 electronically or on any machine readable medium now known
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 or hereafter discover\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 ed so long as you:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2      (1)  Honor the refund and replacement provisions of this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 "Small Print!" statement; and
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2      (2)  Pay a royalty to the Foundation of 20% of the gross
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 profits you derive calculated using the method you already use
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 to calculate your \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 applicable taxes.  If you don't derive
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 profits, no royalty is due.  Royalties are payable to "Project
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation" within the 60 days
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 following each date you prepare (or were legally required
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 to prepare) your annual (or equivalent\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2  periodic) tax return.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2   [B]  EXACT AND MODIFIED COPIES: The copies you distribute
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 must either be exact copies of this eBook, including this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Small Print statement, or can be in binary, compressed, mark-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 up, or proprietary form (including any form resulting from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 word processing or hypertext software), so long as *EITHER*:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2      (1)  The eBook, when displayed, is clearly readable, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 does *not* contain characters other than those intended by the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 author of \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 the work, although tilde (~), asterisk (*) and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 underline (_) characters may be used to convey punctuation
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 intended by the author, and additional characters may be used
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 to indicate hypertext links; OR
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2      (2)  The eBook is readily convertible by the reade\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 r at no
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 expense into plain ASCII, EBCDIC or equivalent form by the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 program that displays the eBook (as is the case, for instance,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 with most word processors); OR
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2      (3)  You provide or agree to provide on request at no
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 additional cost, fee or expense, a \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 copy of the eBook in plain
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 ASCII.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 LIMITED WARRANTY; DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 This eBook may contain a "Defect" in the form of incomplete,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 inaccurate or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 or other infringement, a defective or damaged disk, comput\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 er
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 virus, or codes that damage or cannot be read by your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 equipment.  But for the "Right of Replacement or Refund"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 described below, the Project (and any other party you may
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 receive this eBook from as a PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm eBook)
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 disclaims all liability to you for damages, costs and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 expenses, including legal fees, and YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 NEGLIGENCE OR UNDER STRICT LIABILITY, OR FOR BREACH OF
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 WARRANTY OR CONTRACT, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO INDIRECT,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE O\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 R INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, EVEN IF YOU
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 If you discover a Defect in this eBook within 90 days of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 receiving it, you can receive a refund of the money (if any)
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 you paid for it by sending an explanatory note within t\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 hat
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 time to the person you received it from.  If you received it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 on a physical medium, you must return it with your note, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 such person may choose to alternatively give you a replacement
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 copy.  If you received it electronically, such person may
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 choose to\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2  alternatively give you a second opportunity to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 receive it electronically.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 THIS EBOOK IS OTHERWISE PROVIDED TO YOU "AS-IS".  NO OTHER
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ARE MADE TO YOU AS
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 TO THE EBOOK OR ANY MEDIUM IT MAY BE ON, INCLUDING BUT NOT
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  Some states do not allow disclaimers of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 consequential damages, so the above disclaimers and exclusions
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 may not apply to you\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 , and you may have other legal rights.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 INDEMNITY
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 You will indemnify and hold Michael Hart and the Foundation,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 and its trustees and agents, and any volunteers associated
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 with the production and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 texts harmless, from all liability, cost and expense, including
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 following that you do or cause:  [1] distribution of this eBook,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 [2] alteration, modification, or addition to the eBook,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 or [3] an\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 y Defect.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 WHAT IF YOU *WANT* TO SEND MONEY EVEN IF YOU DON'T HAVE TO?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Project Gutenberg is dedicated to increasing the number of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 public domain and licensed works that can be freely distributed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 in machine readable form.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 The Project gratefully accepts cont\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 ributions of money, time,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 public domain materials, or royalty free copyright licenses.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Money should be paid to the:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 "Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation."
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 If you are interested in contributing scanning equipment or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 software or other items, pleas\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 e contact Michael Hart at:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 hart@pobox.com
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 *SMALL PRINT! Ver.03.17.02 FOR COPYRIGHT PROTECTED EBOOKS*END*
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs28\lang2057\langfe1033\langnp2057\insrsid4017257 
\par }}